Add k6 integration (#578)
DataDog/integrations-extras: k6/README.md

# k6 Integration

## Overview

Track performance metrics of [k6][1] tests to:
- Correlate application performance with load testing metrics.
- Create alerts based on performance testing metrics.
- Analysis and visualize k6 metrics using the k6 Datadog Dashboard or [Metrics Explorer][5].

> ![k6 Datadog Dashboard][9]

Author: Fixed by https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/pull/578/commits/0c4815e773528892763e1f305d594438e40c39b6.

Thanks, @ruthnaebeck for the review.

## Setup

For the detailed instructions, follow the [k6 documentation][2]

> ### Step 1 - Copy your Datadog API Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Installation

1. In Datadog, navigate to Integrations > [API][3] to copy your API key.
```

> In Datadog, navigate to [Integrations --> API][3] and copy your API Key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Step 2 - Run the Datadog Agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the Datadog Agent:
```

> To get k6 metrics into Datadog, k6 has to send metrics to the Datadog Agent that will collect, aggregate, and forward the metrics to the Datadog platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get k6 metrics into Datadog, k6 sends metrics through the Datadog Agent, which collects, aggregates, and forwards the metrics to the Datadog platform.
```

> You can run the Datadog Agent service as a Docker container with this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the Datadog Agent service as a Docker container with this command:
```

Run the Datadog Agent service as a Docker container with this command:

```shell
DOCKER_CONTENT_TRUST=1 \
docker run -d \
    --name datadog \
    -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro \
    -v /proc/:/host/proc/:ro \
    -v /sys/fs/cgroup/:/host/sys/fs/cgroup:ro \
    -e DD_SITE="datadoghq.com" \
    -e DD_API_KEY=<YOUR_DATADOG_API_KEY> \
    -e DD_DOGSTATSD_NON_LOCAL_TRAFFIC=1 \
    -p 8125:8125/udp \
    datadog/agent:latest
```

**Note**: Replace `<YOUR_DATADOG_API_KEY>` with your [API][3] key. If your account is registered with Datadog EU, change the value of `DD_SITE` to `datadoghq.eu`.

> 

Reviewer: Indent content below numbers 2, 3, and 4 by 4 spaces. This will make it display properly on the Datadog docs site.

Author: It should be fixed by https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/pull/578/commits/7f7cda9f78aeb6e3258fdf2ad9d82f2c47d2fe8e. Let me know otherwise, thanks.

> Note that you have to replace `<YOUR_DATADOG_API_KEY>` with your API key, and if your account is registered with Datadog EU, the value of `DD_SITE` should be `datadoghq.eu`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Replace `<YOUR_DATADOG_API_KEY>` with your [API][3] key. If your account is registered with Datadog EU, change the value of `DD_SITE` to `datadoghq.eu`.
```

> ### Step 3 - Run the k6 test and output the results to Datadog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the k6 test and output the results to Datadog.
```

> Once the Datadog Agent service is running, you can run the k6 test and send the metrics to the agent with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Datadog Agent service is running, run the k6 test and send the metrics to the Agent with:
```

```shell
k6 run --out datadog script.js
```

> ### Step 4 - Visualize the k6 metrics in Datadog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Visualize the k6 metrics in Datadog.
```

> While running the test, k6 send metrics periodically to DataDog. By default, these metrics have `k6.` as name prefix. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While running the test, k6 sends metrics periodically to DataDog. By default, these metrics have `k6.` as the name prefix. 
```

> You can visualize k6 metrics in realtime at the [Datadog Metrics Explorer][5], creating [monitors][6] or [custom dashboards][7] for your performance testing metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can visualize k6 metrics in realtime with the [metrics explorer][5], [monitors][6], or [custom dashboards][7].
```

![k6 Datadog Metrics Explorer][8]

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][4] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

### Service Checks

> k6 does not include any service checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The k6 integration does not include any service checks.
```

### Events

> k6 does not include any events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The k6 integration does not include any events.
```

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Read the [k6 Datadog documentation](2) or contact the [k6 support][10].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help? Read the [k6 Datadog documentation](2) or contact [k6 support][10].
```
